Adding the new hipblaslt integration to rocblas for using General Batched GEMM in hipblaslt (#6860)
ROCm/rocm-libraries: projects/rocblas/CHANGELOG.md

* Version and other properties to Windows `rocblas.dll`.
* Support for `OpenBLAS` ILP64 API for host reference in clients.
* Dockerfiles in `docker` directory to assist in setting up development.

> * Added a new hipblaslt integration to rocblas which is used when building with hipblaslt version 1.3.0 introducing the new General Batched GEMM feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a new hipBLASLt integration to rocBLAS. This is used when building with hipBLASLt version 1.3.0, which introduces the new General Batched GEMM feature, or later.
```
